So, in this demo we'll use a new permission,
a WarpPermission,
and we'll show how we can set that permission in the permissions file
and how we can check that permission in our code.
So the way I'm going to do that initially is create a new instance of
Main. And we'll have a Main here. And then on Main I'll add a method
called makeItSo. We'll pass this an integer,
and that's going to be the warp that we want to set to.
And if I go and create this method here,
so this will be warp. Then inside here I want to get a reference to my
security manager so = System.getSecurityManager.
If this is not null then I'm going to check the warp.
So I'm going to say securityManager.checkPermission.
And we need to pass this a new WarpPermission, which we haven't written yet.
So let's just go and fill in the blanks here. And our WarpPermission
will take the name that we're trying to check, so this will be
maxWarp, and the value to check of the warp.
So, this is whatever value's passed in to us.
So here I want to say String.valueOf(warp).
So you remember that the action we're passing in here is a string value.
Well now we can create our WarpPermission class.
So the string here is the name, and this string is the action.
So for this class we're going to extend BasicPermission.
And then inside our constructor we'll call the super, we'll call the base
class constructor, and we'll pass up name and action.
And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to say
warp = Integer.parseInt(action).
Install that in a field on the class.
So we've seen the implies method that was on the slides.
So here we just need to compare the warp. I'm going to make one
change here. I'm going to add an equals sign.
So if the warp that we've been given is greater than or equal to
the one we've been asked for then we're good to go, we'll allow
that. Otherwise we'll fail the call.
So back over here in Main.java now, we check the WarpPermission.
If this fails, remember, it will throw an exception.
If it succeeds let's just print out a message saying something like
Warp now set to, we'll give it the warp value.
Now I can build this code. If I go to the command prompt then I
can run this code without a security manager.
And it sets whatever warp we pass in.
So we're asking for 8 and it's going to set the value to 8.
If I try and run the code with a security manager then it
fails because I'm asking for this WarpPermission and the
WarpPermission hasn't been set.
So we need to go and edit a policy file.
So here, I've got a file called my.policy.
And we add,
as we've done before, a grant block. And in this grant block we add a
permission. And the permission is for com.pluralsight.WarpPermission.
We're asking for maxWarp, and we want to give it the value of 8.
So if I save that file, go back to my command prompt,
and then run this demo with that policy file set ‑‑‑ This is a common
error I make whenever editing policy files. I've left the semicolon
off the end here. So save the file again.
Now run the code.
And it works okay.
So the warp is set to 8 and we're allowed to access this warp. If I try and
change that to 7 and save the file and run the code it fails.
I've asked for 8, I'm only allowed 7.
And if I set this to 9 and run the code then it succeeds.
So again, the implies here. I've asked for 9, that implies 8 is okay. I've asked for 7, that implies 8 isn't okay.